+++
title = "Deep fusion LSTMs for text semantic matching"

# Date first published.
date = "2016-06-01"

# Authors. Comma separated list, e.g. `["Bob Smith", "David Jones"]`.
authors = ["Pengfei Liu", "Xipeng Qiu", "Jifan Chen", "Xuanjing Huang"]

# Publication type.
# Legend:
# 0 = Uncategorized
# 1 = Conference proceedings
# 2 = Journal
# 3 = Work in progress
# 4 = Technical report
# 5 = Book
# 6 = Book chapter
publication_types = ["1"]

# Publication name and optional abbreviated version.
publication = "Proceedings of the 54th Annual Meeting of the Association for Computational Linguistics (Volume 1: Long Papers)"
publication_short = "ACL"

# Abstract and optional shortened version.
abstract = "Recently, there is rising interest in modelling the interactions of text pair with deep neural networks. In this paper, we propose a model of deep fusion LSTMs (DF-LSTMs) to model the strong interaction of text pair in a recursive matching way. Specifically, DF-LSTMs consist of two interdependent LSTMs, each of which models a sequence under the influence of another. We also use external memory to increase the capacity of LSTMs, thereby possibly capturing more complicated matching patterns. Experiments on two very large datasets demonstrate the efficacy of our proposed architecture. Furthermore, we present an elaborate qualitative analysis of our models, giving an intuitive understanding how our model worked."
#abstract_short = "A short version of the abstract."

# Featured image thumbnail (optional)
image_preview = ""

# Is this a selected publication? (true/false)
selected = false

# Projects (optional).
#   Associate this publication with one or more of your projects.
#   Simply enter the filename (excluding '.md') of your project file in `content/project/`.
#   E.g. `projects = ["deep-learning"]` references `content/project/deep-learning.md`.
projects = []

# Links (optional).
url_pdf = "http://www.aclweb.org/anthology/P16-1098"
url_preprint = ""
url_code = ""
url_dataset = ""
url_project = ""
url_slides = ""
url_video = ""
url_poster = ""
url_source = ""

# Custom links (optional).
#   Uncomment line below to enable. For multiple links, use the form `[{...}, {...}, {...}]`.
# url_custom = [{name = "Custom Link", url = "http://example.org"}]

# Does the content use math formatting?
math = true

# Does the content use source code highlighting?
highlight = true

# Featured image
# Place your image in the `static/img/` folder and reference its filename below, e.g. `image = "example.jpg"`.
#[header]
#image = "headers/bubbles-wide.jpg"
#caption = "My caption 😄"

+++

