+++
title = "Incorporate group information to enhance network embedding"

# Date first published.
date = "2016-05-04"

# Authors. Comma separated list, e.g. `["Bob Smith", "David Jones"]`.
authors = ["Jifan Chen", "Qi Zhang", "Pengfei Liu","Xipeng Qiu","Xuanjing Huang"]

# Publication type.
# Legend:
# 0 = Uncategorized
# 1 = Conference proceedings
# 2 = Journal
# 3 = Work in progress
# 4 = Technical report
# 5 = Book
# 6 = Book chapter
publication_types = ["1"]

# Publication name and optional abbreviated version.
publication = "Proceedings of the 25th ACM International on Conference on Information and Knowledge Management"
publication_short = "CIKM"

# Abstract and optional shortened version.
abstract = "The problem of representing large-scale networks with lowdimensional vectors has received considerable attention in recent years. Except the networks that include only vertices and edges, a variety of networks contain information about groups or communities. For example, on Facebook, in addition to users and the follower-followee relations between them, users can also create and join groups. However, previous studies have rarely utilized this valuable information to generate embeddings of vertices. In this paper, we investigate a novel method for learning the network embeddings with valuable group information for large-scale networks. The proposed methods take both the inner structures of the groups and the information across groups into consideration. Experimental results demonstrate that the embeddings generated by the proposed methods significantly outperform state-of-the-art network embedding methods on two different scale real-world networks."
#abstract_short = "A short version of the abstract."

# Featured image thumbnail (optional)
image_preview = ""

# Is this a selected publication? (true/false)
selected = false

# Projects (optional).
#   Associate this publication with one or more of your projects.
#   Simply enter the filename (excluding '.md') of your project file in `content/project/`.
#   E.g. `projects = ["deep-learning"]` references `content/project/deep-learning.md`.
projects = []

# Links (optional).
url_pdf = "http://jkx.fudan.edu.cn/~qzhang/paper/chen-shp0341.pdf"
url_preprint = ""
url_code = ""
url_dataset = ""
url_project = ""
url_slides = ""
url_video = ""
url_poster = ""
url_source = ""

# Custom links (optional).
#   Uncomment line below to enable. For multiple links, use the form `[{...}, {...}, {...}]`.
# url_custom = [{name = "Custom Link", url = "http://example.org"}]

# Does the content use math formatting?
math = true

# Does the content use source code highlighting?
highlight = true

# Featured image
# Place your image in the `static/img/` folder and reference its filename below, e.g. `image = "example.jpg"`.
#[header]
#image = "headers/bubbles-wide.jpg"
#caption = "My caption 😄"

+++

